1.
text:
'The weather was so nice today that I decided to have a barbecue. I called up some of my friends to invite them over. 
I set up some chairs and tables outside for my friends to sit around. I then took out some hot dogs from my fridge and brought them over to my barbecue. 
My barbecue is a gas barbecue, so all I had to do was press the knob and turn it to ignite it. 
Once I got a little fire going I put my hot dogs on the grill over it to cook. I closed the lid and left my hot dogs to cook for about ten minutes. 
After ten minutes I decided to check on them to see if they were done. They looked like they were cooked, so I put them all on a plate to serve to my friends. 
I went to my kitchen and got hot dog buns, ketchup, mustard, and relish to serve on top of the hot dogs. 
I laid out all of the food and condiments on the table so my friends could help themselves. We ate the hot dogs and relaxed around the table.'

kérdés:
Who is invited to the barbecue?

válaszok:
Co workers
Their friends

élek:
 ('friend', 'enjoy', 0),
 ('friend', 'he', 1),
 ('friend', 'know', 0),
 ('friend', 'like', 0),
 ('friend', 'much', 2),
 ('friend', 'time', 2),

2.
Today we decided to paint the extra room in our house. Were going to have visitor coming next month so hopefully the painting ain't that smelly anymore. 
I made sure that the wall is clean and clear of all the nuisance. We already bought the pain and we decided the new wall pain is sky blue. 
My husband is putting newspaper on the floor to avoid any spill on our floor/carpet. We put tarp on the floor too before we put the newspaper. 
I finally start painting and it was so easy because we made sure that everything was ready before we started. It didn't take us 30 minutes to finish the whole job. 
We leave everything in the room except the paints, brush and other stuff that we used. 
We will be cleaning and removing the newspapers and tarp once the wall paint is dry. It was fun afternoon working together and we both love the result."

kérdés:
When did they start painting?

válaszok:
 ['the week before', 'Today']]

élek:
('that', 'today', 0),
 ('today', 'happening', 0),
 ('today', 'that', 1)

3.
szöveg:
Tom's dad ordered pizza yesterday for the family. He picked the phone up, and called Dominoes Pizza.  
When he spoke , he told the man he wanted a large pepperoni pizza with thin crust and extra cheese.  
He also said to bring a coke.  His dad paid for the pizza by giving the man on the phone his card numbers for his debit card.  
Then the man gave Tom's dad a time that they would deliver the pizza.  
Thirty-five minutes later, a pizza delivery guy knocked on the front door, and gave his dad  the pizza.  
He signed the receipt, and gave the guy a tip, $2, for bringing it to them fast.  The boy thanked him and left.  
Tom's dad called to the family to come eat dinner, and set the pizza on the table to eat.  
He put plates on the table, and poured the coke for everyone to drink, and they ate every single slice of pizza!"

kérdés:
What did they order?

válaszok:
['Large pepperoni pizza with extra cheese and thin crust.', 'Cheese pizza']

élek:
 ('INSTRUMENT', 'pepperoni', 1),
 ('INSTRUMENT', 'taste', 2),
('pepperoni', 'italian', 1),

4.
szöveg:
'This morning I decided to make an omelette.  I took the eggs out of the fridge and cracked three of them into a large mixing bowl. 
I added a small amount of milk to make the eggs fluffy.  After the pan warmed up, I dumped the eggs into a greased pan.  
I cooked it on low so the eggs would not stick. I then started cutting some cheese into small pieces. Once they were halfway done, I flipped the eggs.  
I sprinkled my freshly cut cheese on top of the eggs, and then folded the entire thing in half using a spatula.  Once one side of the omelette was done, 
I flipped it to the other side with the spatula again.  I repeated flipping the eggs until I could see that the cheese was melted.  
I put the eggs on a plate and poured a glass of milk to go with it.  I sat down and enjoyed my breakfast.

kérdés:
When were the eggs add to the pan to make the omelette?

válasz:
['after the cheese was added', 'after the pan is warmed up'],

élek:
('use', 'he', 1),
 ('use', 'pan', 2),
 ('use', 'usual', 0),
 ('warm', 'UP', 0),
